Update instruction on distributed GPU training with PyTorch Lightning (#95788)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-train-distributed-gpu.md

[PyTorch Lightning](https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) is a lightweight open-source library that provides a high-level interface for PyTorch. Lightning abstracts away many of the lower-level distributed training configurations required for vanilla PyTorch. Lightning allows you to run your training scripts in single GPU, single-node multi-GPU, and multi-node multi-GPU settings. Behind the scene, it launches multiple processes for you similar to `torch.distributed.launch`.

For single-node training (including single-node multi-GPU), you can run your code on Azure ML without needing to specify a `distributed_job_config`. 
To run an experiment using multiple nodes with multiple GPUs, there are 2 options:

> - Using PyTorch configuration (recommneded): Define `PyTorchConfiguration` and specify `communication_backend="Nccl"`, `node_count`, and `process_count` (note that this is the total number of processes, ie, `num_nodes * process_count_per_node`). In Lightning Trainer module, specify both `num_nodes` and `gpus` to be consistent with `PyTorchConfiguration`, ie, `num_nodes = node_count` and `gpus = process_count_per_node`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using PyTorch configuration (recommended): Define `PyTorchConfiguration` and specify `communication_backend="Nccl"`, `node_count`, and `process_count` (note that this is the total number of processes, ie, `num_nodes * process_count_per_node`). In Lightning Trainer module, specify both `num_nodes` and `gpus` to be consistent with `PyTorchConfiguration`. For example, `num_nodes = node_count` and `gpus = process_count_per_node`.
```

> - Using PyTorch configuration (recommended): Define `PyTorchConfiguration` and specify `communication_backend="Nccl"`, `node_count`, and `process_count` (note that this is the total number of processes, ie, `num_nodes * process_count_per_node`). In Lightning Trainer module, specify both `num_nodes` and `gpus` to be consistent with `PyTorchConfiguration`, ie, `num_nodes = node_count` and `gpus = process_count_per_node`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using PyTorch configuration (recommended): Define `PyTorchConfiguration` and specify `communication_backend="Nccl"`, `node_count`, and `process_count` (note that this is the total number of processes, ie, `num_nodes * process_count_per_node`). In Lightning Trainer module, specify both `num_nodes` and `gpus` to be consistent with `PyTorchConfiguration`. For example, `num_nodes = node_count` and `gpus = process_count_per_node`.
```
